[virtualization] add remove module script (#6796)
deckhouse/deckhouse: modules/490-virtualization/docs/FAQ.md

FROM scratch
ADD https://cloud-images.ubuntu.com/jammy/current/jammy-server-cloudimg-amd64.img /disk/jammy-server-cloudimg-amd64.img
```

## How do I disable the virtualization module?

> Before you can disable the virtualization module, all virtual machines and disks must first be uninstalled.
> 
> To disable the module, use the following [script](https://github.com/deckhouse/deckhouse/blob/main/modules/490-virtualization/hack/remove-module.sh).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before the virtualization module can be disabled, you must uninstall all virtual machines and disks.

Use the [script](https://github.com/deckhouse/deckhouse/blob/main/modules/490-virtualization/hack/remove-module.sh) to disable the module.
```
